oh all right let's go all 33 wait yeah
3v3 I'll be the referee yeah I'm the
cameraman on the cameraman i watch all
you guys and announce i'll use like
crappy announcing scales and say oh my
god is dribbling down the court oh damn
it is flu outside what is a flying ball
right slimeballs a slimeball what do you
think it is I cleared it wait where's
the basketball I got it I got it up with
do with you with me or clear inventory
just tie them all on the ground wait
wait am i playing this or is it a 2v2
okay what I typed and I I don't play
basketball sorry I play badminton yard
my tennis and badminton but so how does
it help with this work exactly did you
shoot boom nice basket okay let's lose
our team I choose that one I don't get I
don't find Matthew messin don't play
basketball real life so i'm pretty sure
they're gonna lose at least trying to
please a little bit and educator loss i
take the fight I think the like what
Vikings all the mammoth war as a dwarf
to say by the school with you and me
okay yeah what we do ok leave it jump
ball for us total Paul love wait I don't
even have the yeah the referee I feel so
proud I'm very proud of myself and I
Hawaiian ok I have come school school no
she's dropped through it out oh hell no
go Brandon Prust jumping down the cords
up weight-wise oh all missed its 0 0 0
this is
games anybody's evolved do you better oh
I do we got it all to 120 oh geez I'll
better steals the ball Oh porno porno
420 420 420 what I got it again 00 back
here we go at the ball put the ball yeah
that didn't help lying asshole I want a
bow technical foul my ass yeah you know
what I'm just gonna press F going on
this record all rundown work guys are
failing quite bad sign what all right
which one are you oh fail I think
someone failed oh oh wait whose team
whose team is ever known i forgot we
broccoli Brock Jesus spring on me Oh
physical well two of you guys are the
same skin so I think you two should be
an associate oh it sticks into i think
is the season 2 or what yes you can to
prevent his team is on the lid Oh Oh
Brett is guilt appalled I'm run right oh
well what the heck
you fuck the basket that way I do it fix
it they said something either face that
I'm not fixing that I'm not fixing that
on the referee I love the main this one
sorry about that part of the to Isis
fine let me fix it geez news I'm
blocking you out block why you do that
all right you're faking it my god genius
all right give me the ball give me the
ball give me they want you got blood
almond scent too easy on ya give me all
the balls please keep me on the balls
don't slam way saw Brett he just took it
back you know just at the ball back give
me all the balls give me on top of you
know to paul ball demyx no burden